Regarding the current version contracting phase (as described in Question 1),

<-- the agent’s autonomy of the giacomo agent and of the companyXi agents -->
The pros are : -->
1. Companies can themselves decide after bidding to allocate a particular task to which company.
2. The giacomo agent will get the cheapest price for execution of the work as decided
3. The giacomo agent is the one responsibe to provide the command !!go to execute the building 
after the bidding done by the companies.

The cons are : -->
1. As the house is of the 'owner' i.e giacomo agent, it should have the final say on
their house to be built, and not the different contactors. It is essential to provide
more autonomy to the giacomo agent.

2. As the present implementation doesn't provide record of the trust and reputation
as well as the average time taken for a particular company to build the house 
it is not implementation.

3. The coordination in execution can be affected by efficiency of each company.
For example, it is useless if the company responsible to make the base takes a lot of time
even if it is cheap (as preferred by the artifact) because it will hault other work such
as the agent responsible to build the roof.

<-- the openness of the system, considering that agents supporting the companies may
 be developed by any company and join the "market place" to participate to the auctions -->

The pros are : -->
1. A new company agent can be created and used to participate in the contracting process.

2. The new company is able to create as many instance as it wants.

The cons are : -->
1. In this implementation, all the company agents can participate in the bidding, even if they can't
build the particular task making the process less efficient. 

2. The giacomo agent should be given more autonomy to decide which new company can be choosen to 
do the task. A presentation of companies to giacomo agent will be beneficial.

3. As the system doesn't consider the trust/reputation/average time taken to build for any company,
introducing new companies to the system can decrease efficiency.